---
title: austin & blessings
date: July 31, 2025
slug: austin-blessings
excerpt: "This summer's flown by so quickly, and I only have one week left in my time here in Austin..."
image: photos/austin.jpg
---

This summer's flown by so quickly, and I only have one week left in my time here in **Austin**, which is actually wild. And I have a few things on my mind, so bear with me through this post.

I think one of the big things I'm realizing is that I am me. While that doesn't seem super profound at first (maybe it won't ever lol), I feel so much security in my identity and my values no matter the state, community, job, or circumstance I'm placed in. And it has nothing to do with me, but my dependence on the one Greater than me. Throughout this summer, I've really gotten to explore the passions of my heart, but also its struggles and shortcomings. That sounds deep, but what I'm trying to say is that this summer showed me cool things about myself and also parts that really, really suck. I've really tapped into my ambitions but also my struggle with trust in my future. I've explored my disciplines and reevaluated what I was actually being disciplined about. I've really grown to love deeply, but also revealed how much I fall short in loving others. Every high has had its low counterpart. But, of course, I wouldn't trade them for anything, and through it all, I really feel like I've grown into myself.

In a lot of ways, it's kinda like being thrown back into college again. I'm in a completely new environment with a new set of goals and people around me, and I have to figure it all out. But it's been super comforting to always come back to the core of my identity and see it remain through all of the changes in circumstances. That's really been a **blessing** that I don't want to take for granted, as well as something I always want to work at and fight for, especially during these kinds of times.

Ok next thought on my mind: I knew this day was coming. I knew from the very beginning that as soon as I would start to feel settled, I would have to leave. Hey, I guess that's the beauty and tragedy of time. This past week especially, has been an incredible time of connecting with the people that I've grown to know over the past 10 weeks. I got to have a particularly sweet moment with a friend that I met through church--he's got that kind of faith and wonder that inspires you to love everything and love everything more. Anyways, it began with us exchanging our stories (as most of my favorite conversations do) and ended with both of us sharing encouragements and prayers for one another, something much needed for both of us at the time. And just like that, our lives will part ways, maybe not forever but for the time being. Even still, what a **blessing** to cross paths just to have that moment. There have been countless moments like that throughout this summer, and I think I could look at it cynically and wonder why I made relationships in the first place, knowing I was just going to leave, but if you know me, you know I'm no cynic. I have gained so much perspective and vision through all the people I've grown with, and they've left a profound impact on me, and hopefully, I've been able to do the same. So yeah, no regrets--only the beauty and tragedy of time.

I'll look back on this summer in **Austin** very fondly. There have been so many unexpected moments, unexpected relationships, unexpected challenges, but through all of it: many many **blessings**. There's still a ton I need to process about this past summer (and I still have a week left !) But yeah, to all the people I've gotten to meet and intertwine with in this short time, it's truly been an honor. Don't be a stranger :)
