---
title: blogs & fingerprints
date: July 19, 2020
slug: blogs-fingerprints
excerpt: How our digital presence leaves lasting impressions...
image: photos/blogs.jpg
---

Today is when I end the two week challenge that I gave for myself to write every day. I thought about extending the challenge because I love it so much, but then I realized that that was the purpose of trying to write every day in the first place. I wanted to make a habit for myself to write open and honestly and now I think I'm coming to do that more. Since I've started, I've also picked up journaling on my own which is something I'll be doing a lot more if I'm not writing on my **blog** every day. I think I'm more happy about that because I'll be able to write 100% transparently and then if I feel led to share, I'll copy my entry here. I just finished rereading and skimming through all my posts the past two weeks and found some pretty constant themes that I don't think are a coincidence.  
  
First thing that's been showing up a lot is the fact that I still care too much about what other people think about me. I've always known this but it's become EVEN MORE APPARENT when I can literally READ MY THOUGHTS for the past two weeks. I am currently 16 and going into junior year (wild) and I can remember vividly in 6th grade —over five years ago— when some girl told me that I shouldn't wear navy blue and black because that was "not it" and I've never worn those colors together since. So yeah, caring too much about other people's opinions? I'm the CEO. Even a week ago, I went on a bike ride to try and listen for the Lord and honestly He mostly told me how much I still care. Wild how from even before 6th grade all the way to last Friday, when I was struggling with deleting TikTok because I was caring too much about my [likes & followers](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/likes-followers/), I've been let other people's say in my life have more of an impact than my own. I'm still flawed and looking at these posts is having it just scream it right back at me. Awesome how it's just so clear to see and I can literally stare at the words that I wrote and see my struggle, I love it.  
  
Secondly, in the past couple weeks God has been showing me how to listen. God has been able to show up even when I'm doing what may seem like nothing. From what I've learned about [listening & learning](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/listening-learning/) is that I really don't have to go to my quiet space to hear from the Lord. I don't have to be on my knees in prayer for Him to speak to me. Even though God's showed me some _crazy_ stuff when I am. But even if I'm just [running & biking](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/running-biking/), I know that all I have to do is be [present & intentional](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/present-intentional/) (see what I did there?). Half of what I've been learning hasn't even come from anything special or out of the ordinary, but they've come from taking moments to stop and listen for His voice in times where it may not even feel like there's anything worth listening to. I've been having so many great conversations and moments where God's pulled lines directly from someone's mouth and dropped it right to me. I have no doubt in my mind that He's been doing this my entire life, but it's only now when I'm paying attention to it and being intentional to listen, that I can finally open my hands to receive what He's giving me. That was hot.  
  
Lastly one of the main things that God has been showing me is the importance and relevance of love. The word love has showed up in over half of my posts this past two weeks unintentionally. Whether that day God was specifically telling me about love or it's something that I briefly wanted to talked about or mention, love has been prevalent. In the past two weeks I've been able to rediscover love for my friends, my family, my team, people that have hurt me, [books & reading](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/books-reading/), writing, running, and everything and everyone that God has placed into my life. Especially from what I learned in [love & thank you](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/love-thankyou/) _and_ in [silence & solitude (ii)](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/ssii/), God is so much more than a loving God. He _is_ love. The living embodiment of love. There is no one that He can't touch and no one that we shouldn't love because we were never deserving to be loved in the first place. I've said it so many times and it's such a cheesy thing to say, but love surpasses everything. All my life He's been showing me that, and just like my flaws and my need for approval, through my writing God's been placing it everywhere these past two weeks.  
  
This whole writing thing has been such a blessing for me. I literally just had a conversation with my friend about how awesome it is to look back at your old journal entries or posts and see how much God has done. Through this time I can literally see God's **fingerprints** everywhere; prayers have been answered and struggles have been overcome. And it's only been two weeks in the middle of a quarantine! I've grown so much through this time and I'm pretty sure my **blog's** become pretty sick too. I'd really encourage everyone to do something like this, maybe not **blog**, but journal and write to themselves every day. Christian or not, you can begin to see how much you're changing if you're intentional about it. But the way that God moves through this is _insane_. Thanks for sticking around for this short journey and I can't wait to look back on my post today and see how far I've come.  
  
Signing off for now, but not for long. We'll see how my next adventure goes.
