---
title: healing & miracles
date: April 30, 2020
slug: healing-miracles
excerpt: A few months ago I posted something on my Instagram story asking for prayer. Not for myself but...
image: photos/healing.jpg
---

A few months ago I posted something on my Instagram story asking for prayer. Not for myself but for a close friend Christine. She's someone that I've been friends with for a while through track and helped me to revive the Christian Club at our school.  
  
Christine's a fellow runner and honestly she probably loves running even more than I do, but for over the past two years she hasn't been able to run anything significant. In February of 2019 Christine got a surgery for something called Chronic Exertional Compartment Syndrome, which is a fancy way of calling a condition that creates insufficient blood flow through her legs, which was the reason she couldn't run at all without feeling tightness and pain, and running was everything. Almost a year after her surgery, the doctors said it might be coming back but it was most likely a different vascular disease. Now Compartment Syndrome accounts for around 1.7% of all running injuries, on top of that the surgery has a 95% success rate. Basically, Christine had just won the lottery. In June it became evident she may never run again since the pain after the surgery didn't stopped. After this in September she was told that she couldn't run, so she started turning to something she felt like she could control — food.  
  
This started a new infatuation in her life and everything that she had put into running –her drive, determination, obsession with numbers – turned towards food and calorie restriction. She had lost 28 pounds in 2 months, had a hard time staying upright, and a plethora of other symptoms of malnutrition, but in November she was taken to a nutritionist (bless her parents). Soon after this, after praying and making peace with her circumstances, she started to **heal**. Her fight with food had started to unwind, a small **miracle** amidst the trials she was facing. From this she started a food instagram celebrating using food as fuel and not a source of fear.

[Food is Fuel!](https://www.instagram.com/food.is.fuel._/)

But despite this victory, there was still immense pain in her legs. Months go by of trying everything she can: stretching routines, form correcting exercises, modifying her shoes, _everything_. Even months before, barefoot running and wearing calf stretching contraptions. Christine was taken to the end of her line. She told me that last week she sat down and tried to read the bible. As we all do after not reading the bible for a while, she played the Bible Russian Roulette (opening the bible to a random page and reading it). She opened up to James 1 and read about [faith under pressure.](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=James+1%3A1-18&version=MSG) It's a beautiful passage that tells us how our true colors are shown through trials and those that persevere with God are given life and more life.  
  
That day, Christine went for a run and felt absolutely no pain! The next day, she went for a run and the exact same result. Five runs in and she has felt no pain. She ran for 2 miles – something she hasn't been able to do in over 2 years! She came back from that run and a song called ["Scars" by I Am They](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMunQ5JXgKk) started playing (a song that was never even on her playlist). Through this song, the words spoke directly into Christine and the situation she's been placed in. The song says, "my brokenness brought me to you and these wounds are a story you'll use." It's such a powerful song of thankfulness for trials and the scars that they've left behind. They tell of His love for us and how our bad circumstances have led us to know Him more.  
  
It's still _very_ recent but the **healing** that has taken place in her legs and in her life is something that can't be explained by anything other than His power. In a word: a **miracle**. Christine texted me a long time ago that if she was **healed** sooner, the results would've been considered a result of everything that _she_ tried, but even in the midst of her pain, she told me that no matter what happens, it's all part of His plan. The faith that she had in God was so inspiring to me and the trust that she put in God was exactly what she would read months later in James 1.  
  
This is more of a praise report than one of my normal posts, but I knew it had to be shared. I ask of all of you reading, that you keep Christine in your prayers and that the **healing** work that the Lord has already started would continue. This **miracle** is nothing short of that, and I praise God for what He's still doing in the midst of everything. Thanks for being such an inspiration Christine! More **healing** and **miracles** to come!
