---
title: likes & followers
date: July 11, 2020
slug: likes-followers
excerpt: "Today's post is gonna come super easily to me, I feel like I've talked about this a lot over the last two..."
image: photos/likes.jpg
---

Today's post is gonna come super easily to me, I feel like I've talked about this a lot over the last two days to people and it's something I really wanna share.  
  
Almost two months ago exactly I started a TikTok. If I'm being honest I was one of the people that would refuse to get TikTok and I would hate to think of myself as a person who made videos on TikTok and yet there I was. I thought it would be a good time to start making videos, I wanted my content to be somewhat similar to what I'm doing here on my blog. I wanted it to just be another outlet for me to express myself, I made stuff I thought was funny or things that popped into my head. I feel like these kinds of jokes or skits have always been in my head but now TikTok was kinda just a platform to put it on. Similar to this blog, I wasn't doing it to get views or **follows**, but it was just a place for me to be myself and I even told my mentor I wanted it to be a space for me to practice self control in a lot of ways.  
  
Recently, especially over the past month, I've been picking up a **following** and even had a couple videos getting hundreds of thousands of views. Naturally I am someone that is fueled by other people: I like knowing that people like me, I am someone that seeks other people's approval, and not that I _need_ to be liked by everyone but I really really want to be hahah! So when I started getting these views and getting these **likes** and getting these **follows**, my mentality started to change. If I'm being completely honest I think I knew this was gonna happen, subconsciously I wanted it all along. I wanted the fame, I wanted the recognition, so as soon as I got a taste I wanted more. I started posting every day hoping to gain more **followers** and I would be upset and disappointed if a video I made that day wasn't doing as well as others. I would make sure to post at the right times, use the right hashtags, make "funnier" content. Basically I was trying to make content that _other_ people would enjoy and it consumed me in the process. I make it sound like a long time ago but really this was a month ago all the way up to just earlier this week. I became obsessed.  
  
It was just yesterday that I've been opening my eyes to what's been going on. I was praying after a great conversation I had and I was wondering why I had so much going for me and yet something felt like I was being held back. As I prayed and asked God for Him to reveal more for me, I felt the Lord saying, "Yeah, it's time for you to get off TikTok." Immediately like a switch went off I started to see what I've become. Not just the amount of time and effort that I would put into videos that I would hope would get me famous was a lot but even just time spent looking through videos and other people's content has been so much.  
  
I was reading a book today and came across this quote that I know God placed in there to kick me right in the chest. It said,

> "I used to be afraid of failing at something that really mattered to me, but now I'm more afraid of succeeding at things that don't matter." \-Bob Goff

That's filthy. That got me. He hit me with that one-two. The way that just applies to my life right now is insane. These views, these **follows**, these **likes**, do they even matter? For me, it was never supposed to. But I turned it into my idol. Sure it's cool that some I'm getting thousands of **likes**, sure it's cool that famous people are **following** me, but I hate how that has become my motivator. I hate how there is no end goal but to just get more. I'm willing to succeed at all this that doesn't matter while slowly losing in my family relationships, losing in my hobbies, losing in the things that matter. I'm not becoming a better person because of these TikToks or because of how many **followers** or **likes** I have. That's why I'm listening to the Lord and quitting TikTok.  
  
I am not defined by what other people think of me. I know that this concept will be a lifelong struggle for me simply because of my personality, but it's something I have to learn and relearn whenever it comes up. As I press the delete button on my account and on the app on my phone I feel an overwhelming amount of freedom. Although I have mixed feelings about deleting everything, I know it's just a result of me resisting my fleshly desires. I pray that God can now utilize this time that I have for His glory.  
  
Even though I only talked about the negatives of making videos on TikTok, I've learned and grown so much from this time. I now know how easy it is to get famous if you're good looking and lean into that HAHA! Not that I did that, the one video that I slightly did that I deleted (I still had some sense of decency and modesty lol). But seriously I've been able to connect with so many people that I otherwise never would have been able to meet. Even though this wasn't a necessarily God-filled time, I've still been able to show people Christ's love and lead them to places like this blog or to Christian music. I've met some awesome people through all of this and it has been really fun. I'm really grateful for this time and opportunity to learn so much and meet so many good people, also revealing a comedic and creative side to me that hasn't showed up to me the way it has on TikTok.  
  
I pray for all the people I've met and creators I've been able to communicate with. It's been a great time.
