---
title: listening & learning
date: July 08, 2020
slug: listening-learning
excerpt: The hardest part of writing every day is the beginning. I have to stare at this blank screen and think of...
image: photos/listening.jpg
---

The hardest part of writing every day is the beginning. I have to stare at this blank screen and think of something to write about. I was thinking I should do another writing exercise today like yesterday, but I couldn't find one online that I liked or wasn't too cheesy. But also I feel like I had a pretty good day today that I wanna talk about.  
  
Today I did something a little different when I was getting ready. Normally I have a reminder set for my phone every day that asks, "How can I **listen** to God today?" And honestly, I don't really pay attention to it anymore because it shows up every day, but today I really thought about it as I was getting ready to go to practice. I thought about it and was asking God to speak to me, which I know He does, and help me to be willing to **listen**. I'm sad to say that that's pretty much the only time today that I thought about that hahha, but I do think that if I make that a _real_ habit, that's something that I can always rely on to **listen** for God. So I'm in the very very beginning stages of developing a habit.  
  
Anyways, practice sucked because the weather all week has been _disgustingly_ humid, but yeah just normal running stuff. I really wanna start talking more about my faith, but I also don't wanna be shoving it down people's throats to the point where no one wants to associate themselves with it. For now though, I just wanna show my teammates love and support them and then I know God will provide opportunities for me to present Himself.  
  
All of my siblings went to this "summer school" type place a family friend has started. It's really just like 3 hours where they and a couple other kids can go and get their work done away from some distractions. That leaves the house free for just me, and I guess my parents but they don't make a lot of noise hahah. I'm finding that I want more space for time alone. Even if I may be alone in a room in my house I don't feel as if I am. I know any second my brother could pop through the door asking if he wants to play a game, or as I lay down I can hear the tv playing in the background. I know the importance of family and I want more relationship like I talked about yesterday, but I think I'm longing for not necessarily isolation but a peaceful space. Boundaries and balance between all of that is being really hard to find.  
  
I went to my best friend's house today and we watched a movie we've been meaning to watch for a while, _Catch Me If You Can_, which is a movie based on a true story. Basically the main character is an expert con-man who's posed as an airline pilot, a doctor, a lawyer, and conned his way to over $2.5 million, and an FBI agent is chasing him everywhere. Anyways, great movie, you got Tom Hanks; Leonardo DiCaprio; Christopher Walken; and a lot of guys, I liked it a lot. Jake (my friend) and I also ended up messing around with his guitars for a bit and went out for a walk. I feel like even though we did very normal friend stuff, I feel a lot closer to him. And I know you read this Jake, hahah so yeah I really appreciate us even just sitting and watching GMM like we did in probably 6th grade. I'm probably not the only one like this but I think it's moments like those where you and your friend are just being stupid and making dumb jokes that are the kind of things you don't really forget. I'm gonna be laughing about jokes Jake and I have made for a long time. From _heavysaber_, one of the first things we've died laughing about, to _mm Tom Hanks_.  
  
I don't think I've **learned** all that much today. But you know what? I don't care. I had a great day and had a lot of fun. I'm starting new things and strengthening relationships and sometimes I think that's better than some kind of lesson I would've **learned** on my own. I'm gonna continue to **listen** for God _and_ enjoy life, but now I'm starting to think that between the two, there isn't much of a difference anyways.
