---
title: love & thank you
date: July 12, 2020
slug: love-thankyou
excerpt: "Dear Heavenly Father, Thank you for such a beautiful day today. It's been a minute since..."
image: photos/love.jpg
---

Dear Heavenly Father,  
  
**Thank you** for such a beautiful day today. It's been a minute since we've had a real good, sunny day without the gross humidity, that's a blessing in itself. It's the first day that I'm really trying to intentionally really be away from my phone and the distractions it brings and I feel so good.  
  
**Thank you** that I can ride my bike around and talk to you as I'm doing it. Today you've really opened my eyes (again), and I'm seeing myself so much better. Not as someone that's awesome or amazing already but someone that still has some major flaws. But the thing is I'm trying and I know you see that and still smile. God, I still fall short when it comes to approval. Today you showed me that I still care so much when it comes to other people, I am willing to put myself in places where I'm uncomfortable to please others. I know this is gonna be a lifelong struggle but as long as I hold onto you I know I'll be better than just fine. I feel you smiling down at me as we talk, even earlier today it felt like meeting an old friend. **Thank you** that you're familiar even if I've been away for a while.  
  
You've been placing \*\*\* on my heart for a while now and I really don't know why. I thought we've already forgiven and forgotten about him haha. I've been picturing my family and his meeting again and I don't know how I feel about it. I really think that we're in a much better place than him and his family are. The way that he's hurt us and cheated and lied and backstabbed, and yet he still doesn't understand. God I know despite the hurt and the pain that he's caused our family you've still gone and turned it into so much life. We've moved out of their toxic church and into one that breathes acceptance and **love**. Yeah I really don't know why he or the people with him keep coming up in my head, but I feel like there's gonna be something soon coming up. Something where maybe he might have to come to understand or some kind of moment with all of us. Whatever it is, even if it's nothing I ask that you bless him. Bless him, his family, his church, everything. You will always have the final say so I bring him up to you. We forgive him and everything he's done and pray he comes to understand, even if he doesn't, bring **love** and life to him. I forgive you \*\*\*.  
  
I also wanna take this time to lift up \*\*\*\*. God, I can't empathize or even imagine what's he's been going through. I pray that he not lose his faith in this time and despite his loss, you would come in and be the Good Father to him. I feel your sadness too and mourn with him. I pray for his family that they would also get through this time without such a key part of them. For his mother, that you would bring her strength to raise \*\*\*\* alone, that she would be able to show him what it means to be great man for Christ. I pray for \*\*\*\*'s brother that as young as he is, he would come to understand you. For all of them I pray that your strength and your goodness would be upon them. God, I can't even put into words what it would be like growing up without a father. I really ask that you bless them and **thank you** that I am so fortunate to have not just my earthly father but you. You, who is the greatest father and the greatest friend anyone could ask for.  
  
Lastly I want to pray for the state of our nation. There is so much division and so much hate going around, I grieve with you because I know this is never what you intended. There are so many people so far from you, Lord. God, I was listening to a song today and kept singing the wrong lyrics, I kept singing, "Come fill me up Holy Ghost / Shine brighter till the whole world knows your name." But in reality the lyrics are, "Come fill me up Holy Ghost / Shine brighter till the whole world knows your _**love**_." I think that's beautiful and so much better. More than people need to know your name, they need to know your **love**. The spreading of the gospel isn't just good news, but it's your **love** that people should spread. So I pray that conversations start being had, opportunities start arising, change starts coming so that people start to know your **love**. Not one that divides over political opinion or status, but the kind of **love** that supersedes all of that. God you don't care about what color skin we have, you don't care about how much money we have, you don't even care if we've made the worst mistakes in the world, you just **love** us for us. So **thank you** God, for being **love**. Not just a **loving** God, but **love** itself. Unite our country, God, bring your **love** everywhere and to everyone. **Thank you**, God.  
  
In your name I pray, Amen.
