---
title: quarantine & purpose
date: June 14, 2020
slug: quarantine-purpose
excerpt: "Wow it's been a while but I'm back. I'm gonna be honest, it's been more difficult to listen for God these..."
image: photos/quarantine.jpg
---

Wow it's been a while but I'm back. I'm gonna be honest, it's been more difficult to listen for God these last few weeks. I'm not sure exactly what it has to do with but a few conversations that I had today were like a wake up call, getting me back to write. So I'm here today and I think that's a victory in itself.  
  
I wanted to talk about something that my youth group brought up today: the idea that Go_d can turn everything around for our good and all has a **purpose** in His great plan._ This drew my mind specifically to what **quarantine** has been doing for all of us and how I think this is really an amazing thing.  
  
As **quarantine** seems to be drawing to a close (something that I have mixed feelings about), I can't help to think back on all that I've learned from it and how much I've grown over these past few months. The one thing that everyone can relate to through this **quarantine** is the solitude that we've all had to face. We've all had to go through thousands of hours of being alone. Even with the rediscovered time spent with our family, I would say majority is still spent in solitude. As an extrovert, this has been a painful thing to experience, but also helped me to understand so much about everything. So I've compiled list and an explanation as to what started as something dreadful to become a beautiful revelation for me.  
  
1\. **Quarantine** has brought me to a state of self realization and re-evaluation. For so long I have been defining myself by all of my accomplishments and the things that I've _done_. I am a runner, I am intelligent, I am a leader. But **quarantine** has stripped everything away from me that I thought I was. My sport was taken away from me – my athletic ability means nothing. School work became a joke – my intelligence has no value. There is no more social interaction – a leader without anyone to lead. On top of that, no one was there to tell me what I should care about or not care about. No school friends to tell me what I should like, no one to tell me which trends to hop on, no one to feed into my approval for others. In the first few weeks, **I didn't know who I was.** If I'm being honest, I still don't really know. But the thing is, now I'm aware. I'm aware of who I thought I was and the things that I thought defined me, but over the past few months my perspective has changed. I don't need to have an identity based on what I do and what other people think of me but in the God who loves me and the things that He wants for my life. This **quarantine** has helped me to refocus my identity. Although I still run, hope for good grades, and look to lead, those are qualities that are a part of me and not what define me. Upgrades, people, upgrades.  
  
2\. **Quarantine** has taught me the importance of silence. In "normal" world, I am so focused on the next thing that I have to do that I never take the time to just stop. It's wake up, go to school, go to practice, do homework, eat, sleep, repeat. Over and over and over again. No time to stop, no time to think. With all of those but eating gone (although eating has gone up quite a bit), I have an absurd amount of time. I am forced to become comfortable with the unbearing uncomfortability of silence. April 24th was when I was first meeting with my mentor who told me that silence and solitude is a friend. April 26th was the first time I actively sought after a quiet place. God spoke to me about David and Bathsheba and became my first blog post: [silence & solitude (i)](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/ssi/). Since then, I've gone to that place to just listen. I've learned that it's so important to not even ask anything of God, or to talk about anything but just shut up and listen. Things bubble up naturally and God comes to address what's on His heart, not what you have to say.  
  
3\. **Quarantine** has helped me to be so much more loving. I love my family but I also wanna kill them sometimes (most of the time). The thing is, we are all so different so incredibly unique it blows my mind. It feels as though my younger sister and I are polar opposites sometimes and the same goes for each of my family members. But something that my mentor said really struck me, he said, "If you can learn to love the members of your family, you'll learn to love so many different people." I'm gonna be honest again, I would not be friends with my family if they weren't my family haha, and that's not to say they aren't awesome people, just not the ones I'd "click" with. This past week or so I've been trying to make a conscious effort to reach the members of my family in a way they really feel loved. Whether that be spending time with my younger brother or talk with my sister, it's an effort to love them. I can't say that I do it all the time but if I really can master how to love people that are so different from me, just as Jesus did, I think that's an amazing thing.  
  
These are just a few of the many incredible lessons that I've been picking up from my time in **quarantine** and it's crazy to think that these are things that I've been learning even just in the past month or week. I think the most important thing though, is the shift in mentality. This is something I talked about today with my youth group; I've had so much growth and opportunity because I was looking for it and all the ways that I could become better. I could have gone all of this time not learning and simply being upset that have to be in **quarantine** and still being the same, hating silence, and being cold to my family. But the thing is, just like in [Romans 8:28](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=romans%208%3A28&version=ESV) says, God is turning everything around for our good in His perfect plan. He shapes the bad and brings **purpose** to it. But he won't just do it alone, we also have a job to do, we have to believe that God is using bad times for our good otherwise we'll let opportunities for good just pass us by. I'm imagining how many time God could have used a time to help me learn but I just wasn't listening. I hope that this is a wake up call for a lot of people, including myself. God puts **purpose** in everything He creates and that includes the bad, but he _always_ turns it for our good. All we gotta do is listen.  
  
Well this is a lot longer than I thought it would be. Probably because I haven't written in a month... But I promise that I'll be writing a lot more (keep me accountable please)! I've been learning a lot and only just now getting back into listening for God. Thanks so much guys!  
  
With love,  
Isaiah
