---
title: selfishness & repentance
date: July 13, 2020
slug: selfishness-repentance
excerpt: "About an hour ago I was sitting and I was thinking of something to write about and couldn't think of anything..."
image: photos/selfishness.jpg
---

About an hour ago I was sitting and I was thinking of something to write about and couldn't think of anything. I was thinking about my day and nothing really memorable or worth writing about came to mind. Then a few moments later I got scolded by my mom and I realized how **selfish** I've been today and I think today I'm called to **repent**.  
  
The reason I was being scolded was pretty much my fault, I don't think I can put it any other way, I mean, I definitely can blame it on someone else but I think I gotta take this one. Because of COVID and our lack of face masks, my family and I decided we'd start to make our own. Really it was my mom's idea which, if you know my mom, probably isn't much of a surprise. Anyways today was the first day we started making the masks and after my mom and I went and bought our fabric we got home and started working on the masks. It probably took around 2 hours finding a mask design we wanted to make and also actually putting it together with our sewing machine (we're not expert crafty people), but it got done. Around 7:00 my parents had to leave for a meeting, but my mom said to me, "Isaiah, you're in charge of making sure the other kids get their masks done." I mean, since I was the only one who actually knew what to do that made sense. But my mask was done and I was tired and I really didn't feel like doing the whole process again, so I sat on the couch and told my siblings to cut the mask shape out of the fabric and that was it. Honestly I kind of forgot the other steps after that and since my mom was the only one who knew how to sew our masks, I just left it at where I thought the last step was before actually sewing. Spoiler alert, I was wrong. My mom came down after an hour and a half to just see cut up pieces of fabric and I think she might've possibly maybe been just a little bit annoyed. She got mad at my siblings, which I felt kind of bad about, but then proceeded to tell me off about how I was supposed to be in charge and this and that was supposed to be done. And yeah. Here I am now, hiding from my family and writing this.  
  
Maybe on a normal day or any other occasion I probably would've been upset at my mom for getting mad or my siblings for not, somehow, telling me what I was supposed to let them know. But I think because I've really been trying to listen for something more in my every day and write about all these types of moments, I see this more as a reflective moment. I'm upset at myself for being so **selfish**. My mask was done, I did my work, I was chilling. So instead of really helping my siblings and doing the work, I gave them vague instructions and almost reluctantly told them what to do (I know, I'm a great brother). The thing is though, all the work that I failed to help with, my mom had to come and do what I couldn't. She's the one who had to come pick up after my (figurative and literal) fabric scraps. I felt bad; I _feel_ bad.  
  
Looking back, I think I've been pretty **selfish** the whole day. I've been so concerned about my physical exam to get cleared for cross country practice; I kept shoving papers to my parents for them to sign, constantly nagging them about my schedule and what I had to do, and really just caring about myself today. I believe God's been telling me that I have to listen more to myself and care about what I think in order to get better about not caring what other people think about me, but I think this was a whole different direction than what He meant.  
  
So I **repent** over what I did and what I've been doing today. I'm still far from perfect, but I think I can say that I'm happy with myself for catching my mistakes. God, I'm sorry for being so **selfish**, and to my family, I apologize. It's so hard to be selfless and to make it just a natural reaction to things is another beast entirely, but through this time I pray that I can be more like you Jesus. Thanks for opening my eyes again.  
  
Now that I've done and said all that, I'd just like the record to show that I'm like 99% sure the three girls in my house are PMS'ing. That doesn't make what I did any less bad or the reaction any less deserved, but I just want myself to feel better :)) But I guess God can still move through hyper-sensitive women and touch the lives of people like me, and for that I'm very grateful. Thank you God and thanks to my family for telling me where I can stick it.
