---
title: silence & solitude (ii)
date: July 10, 2020
slug: ssii
excerpt: Ever since I first started practicing prayer and listening in the...
image: photos/ss.jpg
---

Ever since I first started practicing prayer and listening in the [silence & solitude](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/ssi/), I have been revisiting the same spot that I first went. I've gone back to my quiet space a bunch of times in the past months but I feel like writing about today's time.  
  
Almost every time I go into my quiet space I have something in mind that I repeat to keep me in focus. Today I had a question for God: "What else is on your heart today?" As God has been speaking and saying more to me over the last few days I feel like I should be asking for more as well. As He speaks and tells me something, I ask more, what else is on your heart today?  
  
When I say my "quiet space" all I really mean is this closet in my basement that I go into. From in there, I can hear the water that drains from each bathroom and today God placed something in my mind that I thought was kinda weird. I remembered reading this one fact at the Bronx Zoo that said that foam-toilets (toilets that are eco-friendly) use 99% less water than a normal toilet, meaning that the toilets we have use much more water than necessary. As strange as this thought was, I felt like God was saying that sometimes we want all the unnecessary to make us feel better, but God was saying that this isn't a Jesus AND type of relationship. Not Jesus and going to church, not Jesus and acting holy, not Jesus and religion, but just Jesus. I know toilets was a really weird way to explain that but it's just what came to mind and what I felt like sharing. But that was the first thing that I felt God was saying to me, that I should continue to chase after Him and just Him. Not worry about me performing or doing enough but just continue to seek after relationship with Him.  
  
The next thing that came to my mind was a specific moment when I was in Mexico last year for my missions trip. I was reminded as clear as day of a moment that I don't think I'll ever forget. It was the last night that we were staying in Mexico and we were leaving for home the next day. This was after a week of going to this one village to hold a bible school for little kids and working with these pastors and other volunteers. The base camp that we were staying at invited every pastor and volunteer and their families to a dinner that night to eat one last meal and say our final goodbyes. This night was also when I got the gift of tongues, which I'll probably talk about some other time (another moment I won't ever forget). Anyways, when dinner was finished and everyone was done praying for and blessing the Hispanic team it was time for them to go. But as they were about to get into their van one little girl and her mother started dancing. The very same dance that we would do as a group to lead worship for the children. It was something that we brought to them and brought great joy to everyone. Soon without any music but our voices, all of us danced and did the motions to a song about God our creator. It was such a sad but love filled moment that brings me so much joy. My missions trip taught me so much about how even despite even a language barrier God still moves in relationships. It's so much more than just spreading the gospel but more importantly God's love and joy. Momentos inolvidables.  
  
There were a few more things that God was putting on my heart like my old church and blessing the very people that have wronged me and my family in the past but honestly I think everything all came down to one thing: love. As cheesy as that sounds. When this life is over I think the only thing that God will care about is if we were able to love as He did. From loving God and only going after him to loving people that may not even understand you to people who have backstabbed you and your family, love surpasses it all. I hate how cheesy it is but it's just the truth. I really think the bible is just the greatest love story ever told and it's God's love to us.  
  
So as I sat there today in the silence and solitude going over just how important love is and I know more than ever that His love turns lives around.
