---
title: success & loss
date: June 18, 2020
slug: success-loss
excerpt: "The following is my final English assignment for my '19-20 school year. It was to answer..."
image: photos/success.jpg
---

The following is my final English assignment for my '19-20 school year. It was to answer the prompt "Do you think you've had a **successful** year in English 10? Why or why not?"  
My response is as follows:

**Success** is a very interesting word. Especially to define an entire year. Did I learn a lot this year? Yes, I learned a lot. But is that what made it **successful**? I learn things every year, I learn new things every day but does that mean every day is **successful**? I don't think so—not the way that I see it. The thing is, I do think this year was a **successful** one even beyond the classroom and what I learned in "English 10."  
  
This year was full of ups and downs, actually really high ups and really low downs to be honest. As I sit and think about all the things I've accomplished I can't help but also think about all the times that I've been let down this year. The **loss** of a major relationship in late November, the whole pandemic that swept the world (and the **loss** that came with it), a massive social injustice issue that's finally coming back to the light. It's just a reminder of how **lost** everyone really is.  
  
Yet, despite all of this I feel that everything is still together and dare I say growing even stronger. The relationship I lost matured me as a person and I've been able to grow from it; I've learned more about myself in quarantine than I've been able to in a very long time; and this shift in culture is allowing so many people to come together and fight for something we all should've fought for a long time ago. Even reading books like The Scarlet Letter has helped me to open my eyes to the tropes that surround our society and my life this past year: the hypocrisy I saw in myself, the mass hysteria throughout the world caused by the pandemic, the guilt felt by the millions that mourn for the death of people like George Floyd, knowing we could have done more. These are reactions and emotions that have been around since the beginning of time that I'm only starting to open my eyes to.  
  
I've grown so much this year and learned so many lessons. But I really don't think that's what made this school year **successful**. I think what made this past year **successful** was the **loss**, which doesn't make much sense. The grief, the sadness, whatever you wanna call it, isn't that supposed to be sad and just not good? But I think that it's exactly that that is what shapes people and betters them. I don't think having a wonderful year with no downs would've changed me nearly as much, no shot. It was in the valley that I could really appreciate the mountain and take what I learned down low to the very top. I can only hope that I can apply all that I've learned when I finally do get up there. I think Holden Caulfield answers it pretty nicely when asked if he's gonna apply himself the next school year, he says, "I mean how do you know what you're going to do till you do it? The answer is, you don't. I think I am, but how do I know? I swear it's a stupid question."

Of course I didn't mention the fact that it was what God was doing in my life that really turned those valleys into the mountaintops. He helped me to realize the things that I never would have learned without Him or His wisdom. I've mentioned this for quite some time but aside from the death and **loss** that was caused by this pandemic, it has really been a huge blessing in disguise. I don't mean that to be insensitive but out of these ashes God has been turning the world around. Because we're all stuck inside, we have been able to do nothing but watch the murders of Ahmaud Arbery, George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and the like. Unfortunately this really isn't something new but what is new is the attention it's being given because it is the only thing that we've been seeing. People's lives are being turned around and God is taking what the devil intended for evil and using it for His good.  
  
This past school year I've been learning so much about God, myself, my spirituality, relationships, family, love, the whole world. And not from when I'm at my peak, but in the silence and solitude of **loss**. In the silence so deafening that the whole world's problems are being revealed. I would call that a life-changing kind of **success**.
