---
title: time & abundance
date: November 19, 2022
slug: time-abundance
excerpt: "I was having a really good conversation yesterday and I've realized something pretty amazing is happening..."
image: photos/time.jpg
---

I was having a really good conversation yesterday and I've realized something pretty amazing is happening in my life: it feels like I have an **abundance** of **time**.  
  
I guess having an **abundance** of **time** doesn't really seem like that much a big deal, and to some people it isn't, but where I'm at **time** is everything. At Princeton, every waking (and even sleeping) moment has some kind of agenda. **Time** is the most valuable resource we have and also feels like the most finite. Sure, to some people it may be money, but in a place where food comes through the swipe of a card and online purchases just pop out of futuristic mailboxes, all semblance of currency is out of my mind (Reflecting on this point, I'm so grateful to be in this kind of position and just have to stop and thank God for that right now). But yeah, the only currency that we have control over how we spend is our **time**. **Time** is everything.  
  
Honestly, I hate looking at my calendar. Ok, I don't hate looking at it, it's really pretty and the color coordination makes me happy but the sheer amount of stuff on it is ridiculous. That alone makes me dread looking at my calendar. I can't say I really know where I'm going with this topic but I'm pretty sure everyone I'm surrounded with kinda has this same problem of an overbooked life. There's the same amount of hours in every single day and from looking at my to do list I could probably fill all 24 with something that has to get done. I only have so much **time** to spend but the world demands all of it. Ultimately, that leaves me in crazy amounts of debt. Yet, here I am finding myself with all of this **time**.

"How?"

I think it's very easy to get wrapped up in worldly productivity. Like, "oh wow I have so much to do today so that means I can't have any room for what the Lord is trying to do in my life," or, "I'm scheduling my quiet **time** with God for _these_ five minutes and He's not allowed to move outside of the **time** I allotted for Him." I recently heard this quote from Martin Luther who said, "I have so much to do today that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer." What the heck bro. I don't know, it seems like such backwards thinking yet it's been bringing so much revelation into my life. This is definitely something I've talked about before (it just seems like one of those topics) and I've probably even told myself that this isn't how it should be multiple **times**, yet here's the lesson that God's trying to teach me again and again: when He becomes the priority in my life, everything I need falls right into place. When talking about the provision for our lives, Jesus is very clear about how God will provide. Matthew 6:33 says,

"But seek first the Kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things will be added to you."

I've oftentimes forgotten to do the seeking first; it's a whole lot of seeking when I have the **time** or seeking when I feel like I should or seeking because I really need help with my work. But recently, a lot of that has been shifting around. I'm giving up on striving to do everything on my to do list perfectly, keep up with my studies, have a healthy social life, and sleep at least seven hours a day all on my own. I'm giving up on doing it by myself because it's impossible (and the few people I know that are somehow managing it still aren't happy). But since I've made it a very clear intention to seek first His presence and **time** spent with Him, my life is just better. I'm finding joy in doing work (sometimes lol), I'm discovering **time** where there wasn't before, I'm being more present in the places I'm in and not thinking about a million other things. I don't know how else to put it, life is just more **abundant**.  
  
As I'm reflecting on the impossible nature of God multiplying my **time**, I think maybe a lot of it is that honestly, thinking takes a _lot_ of **time**. Anxiety and worry are just giant gas-guzzling trucks that cost a fortune to maintain and suck for the environment. I don't think that analogy makes perfect sense, but basically these negative thoughts are living rent free in our heads and we're paying for them every day with our **time** (wow, one analogy to explain the other analogy). When my thoughts are centered around what God's been doing in my life and focused on Him, this overwhelming sense of peace and joy embrace my heart and mind. The worry melts away and I'm left with this freedom to do whatever's supposed to come next because in His presence there is freedom.
