---
title: timing & season
date: July 18, 2020
slug: timing-season
excerpt: "Isn't it crazy how people and things can just come in and out of your life unexpectedly? One minute..."
image: photos/timing.png
---

Isn't it crazy how people and things can just come in and out of your life unexpectedly? One minute you're together with someone you thought you'd be with forever and the next they're gone. Or one minute you're longing for something and suddenly you get it. Yeah I've just been thinking about that.  
  
I think **timing** is such a crazy thing and what's even crazier is His perfect **timing**. Last year I was in a relationship with someone that I thought I'd be with for a long **time**. Y'know I've never been one to want a short relationship with someone, if I'm gonna talk to you, I'm gonna _talk_ to you. I've moved past summer flings or quick relationships after 6th grade which was when I realized that girls could actually like me (it was a shocker for me too, I know). After that brief period of talking to every girl that was interested me, I moved on to finding real meaning and real reason for relationships, even being a "thing" with someone has to have meaning. I realize I went on a tangent with no purpose again. Anyways, I was in this relationship for about a year and it ended abruptly within the span of about a week or two. No hard feelings, no shocking scandal, just mutually accepting the **time** wasn't right. That was December of 2019.  
  
January rolled around and I had this vision for an amazing year. One that I would let God take control and allow Him to use me for His good everywhere I went. If my relationship hadn't ended in December, I think it would have in January. I felt as though I was being called (still am) to deeper relationship with Him alone and I would be living this year out for Him. Not that my relationship before was hindering my relationship with God, but the ending of it in December helped me to reshift my focus and open up the space for me to do the things that I was able to do at the start of the year. The thing is, when she was placed into my life I felt like I was exactly where I was supposed to be to be able to receive her and her, me. And then as quickly she had come, she was gone, but the lessons I learned aren't leaving any **time** soon.  
  
During quarantine I was also craving for an outlet to release my boredom and creativity and so TikTok became that for me. Something that was kind of in the back of my mind but for a month and a half, that helped me to learn so much and actually get to know so many people. The lessons I learned from my obsession with the the [likes & followers](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/likes-followers) had to be learned the hard way, but the **timing** of when it took place was perfect for me. I feel like if that happened during the school year or even not in quarantine the views, the likes, the followers and the clout it would've gotten me in person would been too much for my already massive ego and I don't know if I would've stopped. But the fact that I've been writing every day, meeting with people to keep me accountable, and intentionally listening for the Lord in this **season** is probably the only reason I _did_ stop. I was praying one day after a conversation I had with my mentor and asked God, "What else do you wanna say to me?" Almost immediately I heard Him say, "Yeah, it's **time** for you to get off TikTok." From there it was only a matter of reflecting on what I'd become and then deleting it the next day. As quickly as I joined and it became a part of my daily routine, it was gone.  
  
For a very long **time**, as sad as it sounds, I've been praying for a friend. Not just any friend, but someone that can help me through my walk in life and is going through the same thing that I am. Someone that I can talk to about how our faith is doing, the things that we're learning along the way, the goals that we have, and what we feel like the Lord is leading us too. On top of that just someone to be with. This has been a prayer of mine for over half a year and nearly gave up on it. Until (as God's **timing** has always been), God just plopped someone right in front of me.  
  
I've known this person for pretty much my whole life, I think our parents have pictures of us in a bath when we were really little, but we've never _really_ talked until earlier this month. Crazy how God can use someone who's always been there but then just bring them to the center. When we started talking at a 4th of July thing, I found that we were in such a similar **season**. As I did in January, my friend was restarting the Christian club at her school and as the year has been progressing, we find ourselves to be in a very crucial foundation-building **season**. Where God is sitting us down and rebuilding us with stronger faith, new intentions and dreams, and a reignited fire to get to know Him. I also found out later that she'd been praying for a friend like I have for a long **time** and like me had just recently given up on praying for it. God's crazy.  
  
All of this to say that the way that God works in placing people, circumstances, situations all has a place. Actually not just a place, but a **time**. He ebbs and flows like a tide and moves _with_ us in our current **season** and drops little reminders that He's still pulling and pushing things into and out of our lives for a purpose. I'm glad I can look at the things that He's brought or taken, however happy or sad I felt about it, and know that He's good. His **timing** is perfect and I can rest knowing whatever's in my life right is here for a reason and I don't have to be sad about the things that aren't.
