---
title: word & direction
date: July 09, 2020
slug: word-direction
excerpt: "I think it's so funny, as I sit down to write today I feel like I have so much to talk about. Even a few days..."
image: photos/word.jpg
---

I think it's so funny, as I sit down to write today I feel like I have so much to talk about. Even a few days ago when I started writing every day or even yesterday I felt so lost about where to start, but I think writing is really starting to become easy to just talk about what's on my heart. Either that or I just had a really good today. I had so much fun today, I went hiking with some of my old teammates and we went out to eat after and it was so good to just reconnect again. But today I really just want to talk about two things that I heard today.  
  
The first isn't a new topic or anything, I actually have a whole post about it: [healing & miracles](https://isaiahscorner.com/blog/healing-miracles/), so this is more of an update. Today I was with my friend Christine who was healed completely and miraculously of immense pain in her legs from chronic compartment syndrome (I go over it more in depth in that previous post). But today we were in her car, driving to the hiking reservation, and we were talking about how she's been doing. When she was healed, she was a week away from getting tested again for her compartment syndrome and that test would tell her if she would have to get a second surgery for the same condition. She told me that a week before she went for a run to make sure that she really couldn't run, not that her symptoms would change at all after two years, but she said after a quarter of a mile she would just collapse from being numb in her legs. And yet the following week she was able to run pain free. All I gotta say is that's all God.  
  
Anyways, this update is more of sharing how she's been doing recently. She's been running nearly every day 3-5 miles (I think? Correct me if I'm wrong Christine) but regardless, it's tenfold the amount she used to be able to do. Praise God. She's going into college this year and both of us know that it will be an insane amount of work but she'd really love to run for her college. I think that is such a beautiful story of overcoming trials and remaining steadfast in God. Even if she doesn't run for college, her dedication and faith brought her to a point where now she can run which is still so insane to me. God is good, jeez.  
  
The second thing I want to talk about is a bit of prophetic **word** that I received. About a week ago I signed up for this prophetic ministry called Out of the Mire Ministries that a good friend of mine told me about. What I did was tell them my name and my email and they would send a prophetic **word**. I finally received my **word** today and felt so encouraged. There was a lot that was said in it that was so good but I won't go over all of it (if you wanna know more just reach out), but one of the big things that hit me was the first woman to say something. She saw this picture of a red, convertible sports car. I was about to get in but the Lord was putting on new tires. She said that the reason for that was that there's gonna be a suddenly coming and I'm gonna need to grip the road. I have to hold on with an open heaven above me and listen for Him. I think this really confirms what I was thinking about the upcoming season, I'm just remembering this now but a couple _years_ ago I had someone pray over me and he said some very similar **words**. He said that I was running in place for a very long time and not going anywhere because God was pruning me. I had to be in a place where I could have foundations being built and I think that that's what this season right now is for. But as soon as I let go, the person praying for me said that when I would hit the ground, I would hit the ground running. I think God has a lot in store for me and very soon so I just lean into that affirm what He's doing.  
  
The second thing (that had me in tears) was something that hit me incredibly hard. Recently I read this book called _A Million Miles in a Thousand Years_, by Donald Miller. In this book, Don figures out what it means to be living a greater story after realizing his life has not been very meaningful or memorable. He does crazy things, takes risks, all for the purpose of living out a greater story. After reading this book I've been inspired to do the same and this specific prophetic **word** addressed this specifically. She said that she saw a blank page in a book being opened in heaven. She said she strongly believes that what was written about me before time began is being released from heaven. In congruence with the King of kings, I will be living out, through love, passion, and obedience, the plan God has for me. Yeah I cried after that.. But really what was said is so good and exactly what I needed to hear. Every **word** given by each of the different people was beautiful and I want to go in depth with each over the course of the next few weeks.  
  
All in all, I really wanna keep at what **words** have been said and just continue to live out what's been spoken over me. I know that I'm heading in the right direction and this was just another reminder that big things are gonna come soon. God works in incredible ways.  
  
Also if anyone's interested in the ministry it's  
[https://www.outofthemireministries.org/prophetic-ministry](https://www.outofthemireministries.org/prophetic-ministry)
